README.md, before:

# cordova-samples

## [Surface Duo plugin demo](plugin-demo/)

Cordova sample that uses [this plugin](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin) to adjust the layout for the dual-screen Surface Duo.

![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-portrait](Screenshots/plugin-demo-wide.png) ![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-landscape](Screenshots/plugin-demo-tall.png)

## [Surface Duo plugin with CSS demo](plugin-css-demo)

Cordova sample that uses the [plugin](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin) and dual-screen CSS/JS polyfills to easily create layouts for the Surface Duo.

![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-portrait](Screenshots/css-demo-boxes-wide.png) ![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-landscape](Screenshots/css-demo-boxes-tall.png)

## Resources

- [Cordova dual-screen plugin repo](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin)
- [Surface Duo developer documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dual-screen/)
- [Surface Duo developer blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/surface-duo/)

Commit message:

add Photo gallery sample (#4)
* initial commit - runs

* photogallery 'works'

hack setting window["__foldables__"] directly

* works without configurator UI

* trim unused code

* update readmes

* update README and LICENSE

README.md, after:

# cordova-samples

Projects that show how to build dual-screen enhanced Cordova apps for the Surface Duo.

## [Surface Duo plugin demo](plugin-demo/)

Cordova sample that uses [this plugin](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin) to adjust the layout for the dual-screen Surface Duo.

![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-portrait](Screenshots/plugin-demo-wide.png) ![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-landscape](Screenshots/plugin-demo-tall.png)

## [Surface Duo plugin with CSS demo](plugin-css-demo)

Cordova sample that uses the [plugin](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin) and dual-screen CSS/JS polyfills to easily create layouts for the Surface Duo.

![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-portrait](Screenshots/css-demo-boxes-wide.png) ![Cordova demo app on Surface Duo dual-landscape](Screenshots/css-demo-boxes-tall.png)

## [Surface Duo Photo Gallery CSS demo](photo-gallery-sample)

Cordova sample that uses the [plugin](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin) and embeds the [Photo Gallery sample code](https://github.com/foldable-devices/demos/tree/master/photo-gallery) from the dual-screen CSS/JS polyfills repo.

![Cordova Photo Gallery sample on Surface Duo dual-portrait](Screenshots/photo-gallery-wide.png) ![Cordova Photo Gallery sample on Surface Duo dual-landscape](Screenshots/photo-gallery-tall.png)

## Resources

- [Cordova dual-screen plugin repo](https://github.com/conceptdev/cordova-dualscreeninfo-plugin)
- [Surface Duo developer documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dual-screen/)
- [Surface Duo developer blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/surface-duo/)
